Jonathan Merz asks how to choose the GPU
that's the best value for your
particular use case step number one is
determining how much money you're
willing to spend and then not going over
that once you figured out which gpus fit
within your budget the next step is to
find I would recommend at least three
separate Publications where you can
compare the results to see which of
those gpus come out on top odds are that
one is going to come ahead in one area
and another is going to come ahead in
another area so then it's down to you
determining what is your highest
priority thanks nexo for sponsoring this
short you can learn about their nexo
gripon case at the link in the video
description